---
layout: post
title:  "Week of 28 Feb 2016"
date:   2016-02-28 01:23:45
categories: weekly
---
#### 1. What did you do this past week?
This week the focus shifted from this class to another class, maybe a little too much, but I did get a chance to look over some of the notes from class in preparation for the exam. In class, we learned about the function arguments. I remember thinking, "Wouldn't it be nice to pass in arguments as a list?", at some point during my work with Java and C, but viola! Python. At this point, I'm unsure whether I hate Python more or love it. I'm beginning to embrace Python...what has happened to me?

#### 2. What's in your way?
Again time, and more importantly sleep time. Can we all just go to sleep?

I'm a little confused about the reading vs the test. Yes, I have read the readings, maybe not with a fine comb, but will they affect the test? It appears not? At least JavaScript isn't on the test. Or will it? o.O

#### 3. What will you do next week?
Next week, same old same old, but aha, with a test. I'll go over the topics posted for the test and possibly practice coding some of them (all of them?). I wonder how much time I should/can dedicate to stduying for this test. Python doesn't seem to be as strict anout types, but it can kind of be in a sneaky not so clear way. Hmmm, I wonder if there are any projects I'm forgetting about...

#### Tip of the Week:
[scp](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_copy) Right, I did not try using this until recently. I'm sure it'll make those who live on the terminal happy. I like my gui's.